now it's time for the number one centric
cab Jaguar Versa number to Sandy Creek
Patriots and 11 under division Miami
obviously this is going to be a good one
tension calf starts off they give it to
the big back neighbor Morgan he hits the
sideline as he goes for 45 yards down
the right sideline
to put central calves in a good position
then they go back to him and here comes
the big truck through
you can see why he is considered one of
the best out there then citric AB has
the ball again
but number 52 plays the middle position
like Ray Lewis then again look at number
52 a middle linebacker meet the man in
the hole get low and bring him down to
the ground of Sandy Creek defense is
holding on but they give it back to Nate
and Nate is going down the sidelines as
he runs over another Sandy Creek
offender in central cab gives to that
lightning fast number 21 or as he runs
down the left sideline and scores him
gives central de Cali 14 to 0 but Sandy
Creek won't quit as you see the
quarterback starts to go to work then
hits the play-action left comes back
right to a strong side and hits the
receiver as Sandy Creek continues to
move down the field then watch this dime
right here he puts right over the
linebacker head in front of the safety
as his big tight in number to bring
Sandy Creek within a touchdown 1407 mom
says that's her baby this is not a baby
as number 3 breaks through all the Sandy
Creek tackles hits the sideline one more
time but that right sideline seems to be
a favorite of his and he helps the
number one team in the state Center the
cab beat the number to Sandy Creek
pictures
we did a lot of things I didn't think I
could do out here as for this some
movements or make some adjustments they
did a wonderful job they played ball on
a higher level today
and ain't none I guess hey I just got to
give it up to him that was great